Licensing Details
    DataSet -  CCO(Creative Commons Public Domain) or Apache 2.0 open source license.

Summary
    The provided data has 16744 rows and 16 columns.
    There are two features "Age" and "Rotten Tomatoes" with NULL values >50% of the available data points.
    There are 5 columns which are of Integer data-type, 6 of Object type and the rest are of Float type.
    The data set contains data ranging from 1900 to the year 2020.
    The Data consists of 4 major OTT platforms: "Netflix", "Hulu", "Prime videos" and "Disney+".
    The columns: "IMDb" and "Rotten Tomatoes" are to be considered as an Interval data of type Numeric.
    Some of the columns like "Year" and "Age" need to binned. for further analysis.

Analysis and observations
(There were missing points in the data set. An analysis has been done excluding those point)

    As per the available data, the "Prime video" has the highest number movies followed by "Netflix". "Disney+" has the lowest number of movies casted.
    Most of the movies produced were "Drama" followed by "Comedy". Almost negligible number of movies produced were of "Game-Show" genre.
    The number of movies released under the genres "Reality-TV", "Talk-Show", "Film-Noire" and "News" were a lot less as compared to other genres.
    The number of movies produced throughout under "Musical" and "Short" genres were almost similar.
    As there were a large number of missing data, after removing those values it is seen that most of the movies prduced had "Rotten Tomatoes" rating >81% followed by 61% - 80%. The least number of movies produced had <20%.
    Most of the movies released were of age group 18+. The least number of movies produced were of age group 16+.
    Majority of the movies were released between 2000 and 2020. The least number of movies released were between 1900 and 1900.
    According to the data, it is seen that the frequency of movie production increased along with an increase in Year. They both exhibit a positive correlation.
    Majority of the movies has an IMDb rating ranging between 5-6 followed by 7-8.
    The least number of movies got an IMDb rating between 9-10.
    On the basis of given data, we can say that majority of the movies in these 4 OTT platforms are average or more than average IMDb rated.

